runtime.getURL fixes (#35136)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/130/index.md

## Changes for add-on developers

> - {{WebExtAPIRef("runtime.getURL")}} (and the deprecated {{WebExtAPIRef("extension.getURL")}}) have been updated to include the prefix `moz-extension:` on the return URL (in line with the behavior of Chrome). In addition, {{WebExtAPIRef("runtime.getURL")}} no longer strips `/.`, `./`, and `../.` strings from the input URL ([Firefox bug 1795082](https://bugzil.la/1795082)).

Reviewer: I'd suggest a slight rewording for technical accuracy. The main thing I wanted to clarify is that the returned string isn't just prefixed with `moz-extension:`, it's prefixed with the current extension's origin. The URL origin contains the protocol (`moz-extension:`), double-slash separator (`//`), host (the ID assigned to the extension for this browser session), a slash separator (`/`), and the caller-supplied path string.

For example, in a test extension calling `browser.runtime.getURL("./my/../path")` returns the string `moz-extension://54d22ba6-be45-4e38-8fcc-f5b0cf12a777/./my/../path`. As I read it, the original wording of passage suggested that the function would return `moz-extension:./my/../path`.

```suggestion
- {{WebExtAPIRef("runtime.getURL")}} (and the deprecated {{WebExtAPIRef("extension.getURL")}}) have been updated to always prefix the supplied path string with the extension's `moz-extension:` origin (in line with the behavior of Chrome). In addition, {{WebExtAPIRef("runtime.getURL")}} no longer strips `/.`, `./`, and `../.` strings from the input URL ([Firefox bug 1795082](https://bugzil.la/1795082)).
```

Author: ```suggestion
- {{WebExtAPIRef("runtime.getURL")}} (and the deprecated {{WebExtAPIRef("extension.getURL")}}) have been updated to prefix the supplied path string with the extension's `moz-extension:` origin (in line with the behavior of Chrome). In addition, {{WebExtAPIRef("runtime.getURL")}} no longer strips `/.`, `./`, and `../.` strings from the input URL ([Firefox bug 1795082](https://bugzil.la/1795082)).
```

> - {{WebExtAPIRef("runtime.getURL")}} (and the deprecated {{WebExtAPIRef("extension.getURL")}}) have been updated to prefix the supplied path string with the extension's `moz-extension:` origin (in line with the behavior of Chrome). In addition, {{WebExtAPIRef("runtime.getURL")}} no longer strips `/.`, `./`, and `../.` strings from the input URL ([Firefox bug 1795082](https://bugzil.la/1795082)).

Reviewer 2: The description here does not highlight the difference in comparison with the previous implementation.

A better description is to write that the extension origin is now always prepended to the path, without further normalization. Previously, when an absolute URL was provided instead of a relatively URL, that absolute URL was returned. "Without further normalization" captures changes like "/../" and "/./"
